1. Pourarian S, Khalili H. Effect of vitamin E on neonatal jaundice (G6PD vs. nomal). Iranian J Med Sci. 2000;25:3-4.
1. Jamshid A, Khalili H, Jooybar R, Namazi N, Mohammadagaei P. Prevalence of cigarette smoking in Iran. Psychological reports. 2001;89(2):339-41.
1. Ahmadi J, Khalili H, Jooybar R, Namazi N, Aghaei Pm. A brief communication from Iran about cigarette smoking among Iranian medical students, resident physicians and attending physicians. The European journal of psychiatry. 2002;16(2):91-4.
1. Moin H, Mohagheghzadeh P, Khalili H. Cryocalcium Glue: a new formulation for dural repair augmentation. Journal of Research In Medical Sciences (JRMS) 2005; 10 (3), 139-141.
1. Pourkhalili R, MIR HA, Khalili H. CSF Ascites: Review of articles and a case presentation. Journal Of Research In Medical Sciences (JRMS) 2005; 10 (5), 316-318.
1. Aminmansour B, Khalili HA, Ahmadi J, Nourian M. Effect of high-dose intravenous dexamethasone on postlumbar discectomy pain. Spine. 2006;31(21):2415-7.
1. Moein H, Khalili HA, Keramatian K. Effect of methylphenidate on ICU and hospital length of stay in patients with severe and moderate traumatic brain injury. Clinical neurology and neurosurgery. 2006;108(6):539-42.
1. Moin H, Khalili HA. Brown Sequard syndrome due to cervical pen assault. Journal of clinical forensic medicine. 2006;13(3):144-5.
1. Khalili HA, Keramatian K. Effect of methylphenidate in patients with acute traumatic brain injury; a randomized clinical trial. Progress in Neurotherapeutics and Neuropsychopharmacology. 2008;3(1):189-97.
1. Khalili H, Razmkon A. Optimal timing of cranioplasty after post-injury decompressive craniectomy: a case control study. Journal of Injury and Violence Research. 2012;4(3 Suppl 1).
1. Derakhshan N, Baghban F, Khalili HA. Conservative Resolution of Oculorrhea following Skull Base Fracture; Case Report and Review of the Literature. Journal of Research in Medical Sciences. 2014.
1. [Ghaffarpasand F, Razmkon A, Khalili H. Deep Brain Stimulation in Patients with Traumatic Brain Injury; Facts and Figures. Bulletin of Emergency & Trauma. 2014;2(3):101.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27162876/)
1. Khalili H, Derakhshan N. Epidemiologic analysis of patients with severe traumatic brain injury in shiraz, iran; 2011-2013. Journal of neurotrauma; 2014
1. [Khalili H, Derakhshan N, Baghban F, Ghaffarpasand F. Resolution of Oculorrhea After Skull Base Fracture. Journal of Neuro-Ophthalmology. 2014;34(4):422.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25099205/)
1. [Khalili H, Derakhshan N, Malekmohammadi Z, Ghaffarpasand F. Mycotic Aneurysm of External Carotid Artery following Traumatic Brain Injury: Case Report and Review of Literature. Bulletin of Emergency & Trauma. 2014;2(2):92.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27162873/)
1. Khalili HA, Omidvar A, Khales GY, Hooshmandi S, Samiepoor L. Efficiency of Anti Adhesive Barriers During Decompressive Craniectomy on Later Cranioplasty. Journal of Research in Medical Sciences. 2014.
1. [Paydar S, Ghahramani Z, Bolandparvaz S, Khalili H, Abbasi Hr. Learning operational strategies in surgery training. Journal of advances in medical education & professionalism. 2014;2(2):92.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25512927/)
1. [Paydar S, Khalili H, Mousavi SM. Perfect timing of tracheostomy in patients with traumatic brain injury. Bulletin of emergency and trauma. 2014;2(3 JUL):136-7.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27162884/)
1. [Khalili H, Yadollahikhales G, Isaee M. Diagnostic Accuracy of Peripheral White Blood Cell Count, Fever and Acute Leukocutosis for Bacterial Meningitis in Patients with Severe Traumatic Brain Injury. Bulletin of Emergency & Trauma. 2015;3(2):53.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27162903/)
1. [Mani A, Dastgheib SA, Chanor A, Khalili H, Ahmadzadeh L, Ahmadi J. Sleep quality among patients with mild traumatic brain injury: A cross-sectional study. Bulletin of Emergency & Trauma. 2015;3(3):93.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27162910/)
1. [Paydar S, Sabetian G, Ghahramani Z, Mousavi SM, Khalili H, Abbasi HR, et al. Necessity of defining different transfusion protocols for different kinds of trauma injuries. Bulletin of Emergency & Trauma. 2015;3(4):118.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27162915/)
1. [Yadollahi M, Paydar S, Jahromi GS, Khalili H, Etemadi S, Abbasi H, et al. Types and causalities in dead patients due to traumatic injuries. Archives of trauma research. 2015;4(1).](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25798419/)
1. Bordbar E, Paydar S, Taghipour M, Khalili H, Jafari M, editors. Initial GCS and Laboratory Findings of Patients with TBI Are Associated with the GOSE and Mortality Rate at One Year, a Prospective Study. Annals of neurology; 2016
1. [Khalili H, Niakan A, Ghaffarpasand F. Massive pneumocephalus and pneumorrhachis after severe skull base fracture. Bulletin of emergency and trauma. 2016;4(4 OCT):248-9.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27878133/)
1. Khalili H, Niakan A, Ghaffarpasand F. Effects Of Cerebrolysin On Functional Recovery In Patients With Severe Disability After Traumatic Brain Injury; A Prospective Cohort Study. 2016.
1. Khalili H, Niakan A, Ghaffarpasand F, Arasteh P, Safari R. Early Tracheostomy In Patients With Severe Traumatic Brain Injury; A Cohort Study From A Level I Trauma Center. 2016.
1. [Khalili H, Omidvar A, Ghaffarpasand F, Yadollahikhales G. Cranioplasty Results after Application of Anti-adhesive Films (OrthoWrap™) in Traumatic Decompressive Craniectomy. Bulletin of Emergency & Trauma. 2016;4(1):24.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27162923/)
1. [Khalili H, Sadraei N, Niakan A, Ghaffarpasand F, Sadraei A. Role of intracranial pressure monitoring in management of patients with severe traumatic brain injury: results of a large level I trauma center in Southern Iran. World neurosurgery. 2016;94:120-5.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27392896/)
1. [Paydar S, Sabetian G, Khalili H, Abbasi HR, Bolandparvaz S, Ghahramani Z, et al. Shiraz Trauma Transfusion Score: A Scoring System for Blood Transfusion in Trauma Patients. Bulletin of emergency and trauma. 2016;4(3 JUL):121-3.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27540544/)
1. [Paydar S, Sabetian G, Khalili H, Fallahi J, Tahami M, Ziaian B, et al. Management of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) prophylaxis in trauma patients. Bulletin of Emergency & Trauma. 2016;4(1):1.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27162921/)
1. [Pourahmad S, Hafizi-Rastani I, Khalili H, Paydar S. Identifying Important Attributes for Prognostic Prediction in Traumatic Brain Injury Patients. Methods of information in medicine. 2016;55(05):440-9.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27492342/)
1. Yadollahi M, Paydar S, Ghaem H, Ghorbani M, Mohsen S, Bolandparvaz S. Epidemiology of Cervical Spine Fractures: A Descriptive Study in Shiraz, Iran. 2016.
1. Yadollahi M, Paydar S, Ghaem H, Ghorbani M, Mousavi SM, Akerdi AT, et al. Epidemiology of cervical spine fractures. Trauma monthly. 2016;21(3).
1. [Farzanegan GR, Derakhshan N, Khalili H, Ghaffarpasand F, Paydar S. Effects of atorvastatin on brain contusion volume and functional outcome of patients with moderate and severe traumatic brain injury; a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial. Journal of Clinical Neuroscience. 2017;44:143-7.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28688622/)
1. [Khalili H, Ahl R, Cao Y, Paydar S, Sjölin G, Niakan A, et al. Early selenium treatment for traumatic brain injury: Does it improve survival and functional outcome? Injury. 2017;48(9):1922-6.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28711170/)
1. [Khalili H, Derakhshan N, Ghaffarpasand F, Heydari ST. In Reply to the Letter to the Editor Regarding" Effects of Oral Glibenclamide on Brain Contusion Volume and Functional Outcome of Patients with Moderate and Severe Traumatic Brain Injuries: A Randomized Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial". World neurosurgery. 2017;105:1021.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28847125/)
1. [Khalili H, Derakhshan N, Niakan A, Ghaffarpasand F, Salehi M, Eshraghian H, et al. Effects of oral glibenclamide on brain contusion volume and functional outcome of patients with moderate and severe traumatic brain injuries: a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial. World neurosurgery. 2017;101:130-6.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28185976/)
1. [Khalili H, Niakan A, Ghaffarpasand F. Effects of cerebrolysin on functional recovery in patients with severe disability after traumatic brain injury: A historical cohort study. Clinical neurology and neurosurgery. 2017;152:34-8.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27871029/)
1. [Khalili H, Niakan A, Ghaffarpasand F, Kiani A, Behjat R. Outcome determinants of decompressive craniectomy in patients with traumatic brain injury; a single center experience from Southern Iran. Bulletin of Emergency & Trauma. 2017;5(3):190.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28795064/)
1. [Khalili H, Paydar S, Safari R, Arasteh P, Niakan A, Foroughi AA. Experience with traumatic brain injury: is early tracheostomy associated with better prognosis? World neurosurgery. 2017;103:88-93.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28254541/)
1. [Khalili H, Sadraei N, Niakan A, Ghaffarpasand F, Sadraei A. In Reply to “Intracranial Pressure Monitoring in Traumatic Brain Injury”. World neurosurgery. 2017(100):704-5.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28437883/)
1. Paydar S, Bordbar E, Taghipour M, Khalili H, Jafari M. Initial GCS and laboratory findings of patients with TBI are associated with the GOSE and mortality rate at one year. International Journal of Research in Medical Sciences. 2017;6(1):14-9.
1. [Paydar S, Karami MY, Khalili H, Dehghankhalili M, Sabetian G, Ghaffarpasand F. Heart rate beat to beat variability of trauma patient in neurogenic shock state: Time to introduce new symptoms. Bulletin of emergency and trauma. 2017;5(3 JUL):141-2.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28795056/)
1. [Paydar S, Khalili H, Sabetian G, Dalfardi B, Bolandparvaz S, Niakan MH, et al. Comparison of the impact of applications of Targeted Transfusion Protocol and Massive Transfusion Protocol in trauma patients. Korean journal of anesthesiology. 2017;70(6):626.](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29225746/)
1. Khalili H, Ghaffarpasand F, Niakan A, Golestani N, Ahrari I, Abbasi HR, et al. Determinants of reoperation after decompressive craniectomy in patients with traumatic brain injury: A comparative study. Clinical neurology and neurosurgery. 2019;181:1-6.
